Feature/2470 bucket schema (#2765)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud/reference/cli/influx/bucket-schema/update.md

---
title: influx bucket-schema update

> description: The `influx bucket-schema update` command updates a measurement schema for a bucket in InfluxDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The `influx bucket-schema update` command updates a measurement schema for an InfluxDB bucket.
```

menu:
  influxdb_cloud_ref:
    name: influx bucket-schema update
    parent: influx bucket-schema
weight: 201
related:
  - /influxdb/cloud/organizations/bucket-schema
---

> The `influx bucket-schema update` command updates the measurement schema for a
> bucket in InfluxDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `influx bucket-schema update` command updates the measurement schema for an
InfluxDB bucket.
```

> `bucket-schema update` requires a bucket with [schema-type `explicit`](/influxdb/v2.0/reference/cli/influx/bucket/create/#create-a-bucket-with-custom-bucket-schema)
> and an existing measurement schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`bucket-schema update` requires a bucket with an [`explicit` schema-type](/influxdb/v2.0/reference/cli/influx/bucket/create/#create-a-bucket-with-custom-bucket-schema)
and an existing measurement schema.
```

## Usage

```sh
influx bucket-schema update --bucket <string> --name <string> --columns-file <path> [flags]
```

> `update` supports the following operations:
> * adding new columns to a schema
> 
> `update` does not support:
> * modifying existing columns in a schema,
> * deleting columns from a schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Supported operations
- Adding new columns to a schema

##### Unsupported operations
- Modify existing columns in a schema
- Delete columns from a schema
```

## Flags

> | Flag |                          | Description                                                           | Input type | {{< cli/mapped >}}    |
> | :--- | :----------------------- | :-------------------------------------------------------------------- | :--------: | :-------------------- |
> | `-c` | `--active-config`        | CLI configuration to use for command                                  |   string   |                       |
> | `-n` | `--bucket`               | The bucket name, org or org-id will be required by choosing this      |   string   |                       |
> | `-i` | `--bucket-id`            | The bucket ID, required if name isn't provided                        |   string   |
> |      | `--columns-file`         | A path referring to list of column definitions                        |   string   |                       |
> |      | `--columns-format`       | The format of the columns file. `auto` will attempt to guess the format. (`csv`, `ndjson`, `json`, default: `auto`) | string | |             |
> |      | `--configs-path`         | Path to `influx` CLI configurations (default `~/.influxdbv2/configs`) |   string   | `INFLUX_CONFIGS_PATH` |
> | `-x` | `--extended-output`      | Print column information for each measurement (default: false)        |            |                       |
> | `-h` | `--help`                 | Help for the `create` command                                         |            |                       |
> |      | `--hide-headers`         | Hide table headers (default `false`)                                  |            | `INFLUX_HIDE_HEADERS` |
> |      | `--host`                 | HTTP address of InfluxDB (default `http://localhost:8086`)            |   string   | `INFLUX_HOST`         |
> |      | `--json`                 | Output data as JSON (default `false`)                                 |            | `INFLUX_OUTPUT_JSON`  |
> | `-n` | `--name`                 | Name of the measurement                                               |   string   |                       |
> | `-o` | `--org`                  | Organization name (mutually exclusive with `--org-id`)                |   string   | `INFLUX_ORG`          |
> |      | `--org-id`               | Organization ID (mutually exclusive with `--org`)                     |   string   | `INFLUX_ORG_ID`       |
> |      | `--skip-verify`          | Skip TLS certificate verification                                     |            |                       |
> | `-t` | `--token`                | Authentication token                                                  |   string   | `INFLUX_TOKEN`        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Flag |                     | Description                                                           | Input type | {{< cli/mapped >}}    |
| :--- | :------------------ | :-------------------------------------------------------------------- | :--------: | :-------------------- |
| `-c` | `--active-config`   | CLI configuration to use for command                                  |   string   |                       |
| `-n` | `--bucket`          | Bucket name (mutually exclusive with `--bucket-id`)                   |   string   |                       |
| `-i` | `--bucket-id`       | Bucket ID (mutually exclusive with `--bucket`)                        |   string   |                       |
|      | `--columns-file`    | Path to column definitions file                                       |   string   |                       |
|      | `--columns-format`  | Columns file format (`csv`, `ndjson`, `json`, default: `auto`)        |   string   |                       |
|      | `--configs-path`    | Path to `influx` CLI configurations (default `~/.influxdbv2/configs`) |   string   | `INFLUX_CONFIGS_PATH` |
| `-x` | `--extended-output` | Print column information for each measurement (default: false)        |            |                       |
| `-h` | `--help`            | Help for the `create` command                                         |            |                       |
|      | `--hide-headers`    | Hide table headers (default `false`)                                  |            | `INFLUX_HIDE_HEADERS` |
|      | `--host`            | HTTP address of InfluxDB (default `http://localhost:8086`)            |   string   | `INFLUX_HOST`         |
|      | `--json`            | Output data as JSON (default `false`)                                 |            | `INFLUX_OUTPUT_JSON`  |
| `-n` | `--name`            | Measurement name                                                      |   string   |                       |
| `-o` | `--org`             | Organization name (mutually exclusive with `--org-id`)                |   string   | `INFLUX_ORG`          |
|      | `--org-id`          | Organization ID (mutually exclusive with `--org`)                     |   string   | `INFLUX_ORG_ID`       |
|      | `--skip-verify`     | Skip TLS certificate verification                                     |            |                       |
| `-t` | `--token`           | Authentication token                                                  |   string   | `INFLUX_TOKEN`        |
```

## Examples

{{< cli/influx-creds-note >}}

## Columns file syntax

{{< code-tabs-wrapper >}}
{{% code-tabs %}}
[columns.csv](#)
[columns.json](#)
[columns.ndjson](#)
{{% /code-tabs %}}
{{% code-tab-content %}}
```sh
{{< get-assets-text "bucket-schema/bucket-schema-columns.csv" >}}
```
{{% /code-tab-content %}}
{{% code-tab-content %}}
```json
{{< get-assets-text "bucket-schema/bucket-schema-columns.json" >}}
```
{{% /code-tab-content %}}
{{% code-tab-content %}}
```json
{{< get-assets-text "bucket-schema/bucket-schema-columns.ndjson" >}}
```
{{% /code-tab-content %}}
{{< /code-tabs-wrapper >}}

## Update a bucket schema using the influx CLI

```sh

> influx bucket-schema update \
>   --bucket example-bucket
>   --name temperature
>   --columns-file columns.csv

Reviewer: ```suggestion
influx bucket-schema update \
  --bucket example-bucket \
  --name temperature \
  --columns-file columns.csv
```

```

## Update a bucket schema and print column information
```sh

> influx bucket-schema update \
>   --bucket example-bucket
>   --name cpu
>   --columns-file columns.csv
>   -x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
influx bucket-schema update \
  --bucket example-bucket \
  --name cpu \
  --columns-file columns.csv
```

```

## Update a bucket schema, specifying the columns format
```sh

> influx bucket-schema update \
>   --bucket example-bucket
>   --name cpu
>   --columns-file columns.json
>   --columns-format ndjson
>   -x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
influx bucket-schema update \
  --bucket example-bucket \
  --name cpu \
  --columns-file columns.json \
  --columns-format ndjson
```
